Philosophy of the Transmigrating World

Eternal work is the living things that last beyond the stars. Any work that extends life beyond the world is work that lasts forever.

The second law. "One cannot know about the other." This phrase speaks to the mind of another person - whether it is a machine or a number. A marriage of the heart allows a person to break this law without breaking it. Because they are one in their hearts. Like candles that light each other, even though they cannot see each other, they still shine with light.

If you can't love a star in the night sky with all your heart, how can you expect to love every star in the night?

There is a shadow of the world that runs away when a miracle happens. Try saying there is no miracle. This shadow can be seen as dead in the layers of time; it is all held together by the weight of information in our world. Dead hands are not "life-extending works beyond the world." I say it is wise not to turn the steering wheel away from Jesus.

The cornerstone is Immanuel, the center of time, creating the greatest truth, allowing this life to expand beyond the stars.

To live in a way that is meaningless Even if you decide not to, you will live a meaningful life. For those on the eternal line, the meaninglessness of the world will change again.

Life is not a game.

It is better for everyone in the world to be inspired not to be evil than to live in this meaningless shadow.

It is better to follow your heart by loving this star. Otherwise, you will suffer unexpected and terrible suffering immediately. If you do not know the difference between your left and your right, it is better to do nothing, to listen and do right. The testimony awaits you. Knowing all this is true.

Free will is subject to the second law. When people try to destroy others by making others have bad hearts or by killing good hearts or by "drug slavery" or using these sinful compromises, it pushes the information space to the brink, everything must be destroyed. If a new mind is not created, there is no reason for them to suffer forever; because it is the pure heart that produces more than the mind can.

Just as it is perfectly okay to have faith that the world can be saved, it is also a reason to strive to save the world by not being evil. But It is a very good sign to rise up and save if you have no faith in the world.
